Adjust json trace docs (#3279)
scalameta/metals: docs/contributors/getting-started.md

### JSON-RPC trace

> To see trace of incoming/outgoing JSON communication with the text editor or

Reviewer: Could you run prettier on the file? IT should wrap the lines.

> To see the trace of incoming/outgoing JSON communication with the text editor or build server, create empty files in `$WORKSPACE/.metals/` or your machine cache directory.  

Reviewer: Could we mention that machine cache is not recommened, since multiple servers can override it? Also, we no longer mention when the cache is located, so we should probably add a section about it.

### JSON-RPC trace

**Important notice**  

> Since Metals 0.10.10 version log files should be placed in `$WORKSPACE` rather than your machine cache directory.

Reviewer: We should mention what was `your machine cache directory` for each OS

> Since Metals 0.10.10 version log files should be placed in `$WORKSPACE` rather than your machine cache directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since Metals v0.10.10, the log files should be placed in `$WORKSPACE` rather than your machine cache directory.
```

> To see trace of incoming/outgoing JSON communication with the text editor or build server, create empty files in `$WORKSPACE/.metals/` directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To see the trace of incoming/outgoing JSON communication with the text editor or build server, create empty files in `$WORKSPACE/.metals/` directory.
```

```sh

> # macOS

Reviewer: We could join MacOS and Linux cases. Maybe even remove Windows case, just mention that you can use `type nul > ` to create the empty trace file?

Author: I joined macOS and Linux cases, but I didn't remove a window one. I think it's better to not delete it.

# Linux
touch ~/.cache/metals/lsp.trace.json # text editor
touch ~/.cache/metals/bsp.trace.json # build server
touch ~/.cache/metals/dap-server.trace.json # debug adapter
touch ~/.cache/metals/dap-client.trace.json # debug adapter
touch $WORKSPACE/.metals/lsp.trace.json # text editor
touch $WORKSPACE/.metals/bsp.trace.json # build server
touch $WORKSPACE/.metals/dap-server.trace.json # debug adapter
touch $WORKSPACE/.metals/dap-client.trace.json # debug adapter

# Windows
type nul > %LOCALAPPDATA%/scalameta/metals/cache/lsp.trace.json # text editor
type nul > %LOCALAPPDATA%/scalameta/metals/cache/bsp.trace.json # build server
type nul > %LOCALAPPDATA%/scalameta/metals/cache/dap-server.trace.json # debug adapter
type nul > %LOCALAPPDATA%/scalameta/metals/cache/dap-client.trace.json # debug adapter
type nul > $WORKSPACE/.metals/lsp.trace.json # text editor
type nul > $WORKSPACE/.metals/bsp.trace.json # build server
type nul > $WORKSPACE/.metals/dap-server.trace.json # debug adapter
type nul > $WORKSPACE/.metals/dap-client.trace.json # debug adapter
```

Next when you start Metals, watch the logs with `tail -f`.

```sh
# macOS

> tail -f ~/Library/Caches/org.scalameta.metals/lsp.trace.json

Reviewer: We could join both cases as they are exactly the same.
